yo Adam was wrong with your bike kid you
see that red quad people can see it he's
trying to start it I think it ran out of
gas I'm not sure too fucking old we're
getting a tow truck coming right now
it's trying to push it look oh it
started there goes there you go the
helmets get them over to like an idiot
okay we're somebody's about to get
arrested keep eating shit you see this
shit stay tuned disappointed look he's
gonna get pulled over two years ago no
helmet no helmet what cop no helmet cop
this guy like an idiot don't you know
should we go get our bikes soup did you
hear me put them right there no I gotta
take my helmet though I love it are you
go get it so let's go let's go get our
shit right here
you don't
I like to call you
is if you run your engine like the crazy
box that's careless driving no I don't
do that yeah mines deepest shit me llamo
dumbass what are you thinking what are
you thinking no helmet what are you
thinking what are you thinking and what
year is that Blake though what what is
it though how many chiste what kind of
bike I gotta do you Monica what kind of
bike is that nor asking I really want to
know what the fuck it is how many cc I
like that is basura ah you said your
shares garbage
he wants to race he wants to raise 9290
she start brawling bro you'll put it
reversed yeah the whole tunnel how many
cc's is that yo six disease
it's about to hit your car I'm aware
don't fucking back my shit bro please
please don't like my shit he stalled
again you start three times in one
minute you still three Doors you up like
you can get 99 is it at my house now
we're good right here we'll go right
here come on come on yeah where's your
ass you sure shake cuz you don't have
what I got our 609 baby oh nine are six
baby all day
at least just left yeah didn't read it
and then well its got like sound like a
lawnmower so what do you think about
whatever happened let me close up on
your fucking goggles all right go ahead
so the kid apparently has a six CC 19
prehistoric suck cart bike cuz that's
what i suah it's about sudo su de s
right the basileus a surah tauba Suez
problem achieved on she was like I got a
929 what's up he's like how much I don't
get it though that's what the dude said
guys like an iChat I've got six year
round I'm gonna see CZ says six that's
bike talk let's buy cod right there okay
oh fuck if they really knew
and all one cc much right whew except
for the 636 what sorry oh no that's a
650 yeah yeah but it only goes up to 127
that's a